📖 `bento-selector` update documentation regarding events (#36369)
ampproject/amphtml: extensions/amp-selector/1.0/README.md

Closes the selector.

```js
ref.current.selectBy(1); // Select next option in DOM sequence.
ref.current.selectBy(-2); // Select the option that is two previous in DOM sequence.
```

**toggle(optionValue: string, opt_select: boolean|undefined)**
Toggles the option with the given `optionValue` to be selected or deselected based on `opt_select`. If `opt_select` is not present, then the option will be selected if currently not selected, and deselected if currently selected.

```js
ref.current.toggle("1"); // Toggle the item with the attribute `option="1"`.
ref.current.toggle("2", true); // Select the item with the attribute `option="2"`.
```

#### Events

`BentoSelector` API allows you to register and respond to the following events:

**onChange**

This event is triggered when a selector option is selected or deselected.
The `onChange` prop gives you two key options:

> -   `option` which returns the value of the `option` prop of the `BentoSelectorOption` which was clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `option` which returns the value of the `option` prop of the `BentoSelectorOption` which was selected or deselected.
```

-   `value` which returns an array of which `BentoSelectorOptions` are currently selected in the order they were selected.

```jsx
    <BentoSelector
      as="ul"
      multiple

>       onChange={(option, value) => console.log(option, value)}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      onChange={({option, value}) => console.log(option, value)}
```
